adding glossary terms (#15315)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/glossary/terms/snmp_mib.md

---
title: SNMP Management Information Base (MIB)
---

> An SNMP MIB is a collection of definitions for the properties (such as data types, access permissions, etc.) of a managed object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SNMP MIB is a collection of definitions for a managed object's properties (such as data types, access permissions, etc.)
```
